Add soft reference schema not supported to docs (#775)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/known-issues.md

| When launching a client from a cloud deployment, it chooses the first **.exe** file in alphabetical order, rather than selecting a particular one. | 2019-03-06 | [LAUNCH-341](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/LAUNCH-341) | When building your client, an underscore is added to the correct executable name. |
| NetMulticast RPCs do not work on Singleton Actors. | 2019-03-13 | [UNR-856](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-856) | Do not use NetMulticast RPCs on Singleton Actors.|
| Replicated TimelineComponents are not supported. | 2019-03-14 | [UNR-1105](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1105) | Use an alternative method of achieving the desired behaviour, such as playing the timeline on a multicast event, or replicating what is changed by the timeline. |

> | Schema generation for blueprints that are not explicitly loaded/referenced by the scene (e.g. hard coded references to filenames that are loaded at runtime) is not supported. | 2019-03-25 |  | Reference the blueprint explicitly from the level, gamemode, etc. or, for soft references, open the blueprints before generating schema such that they are loaded. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Schema generation for `UClass`es that are not explicitly loaded/referenced by the scene is not supported. For example, a hard coded path loaded at run-time will not be detected by the schema generator. | 2019-03-25 |  | Reference the class explicitly from an already loaded class (Level blueprint, GameMode etc). Alternatively, you can open the Blueprints for soft references before generating schema such that they are loaded into memory. |
```
